Selector: A pattern used at the beginning of a ruleset for choosing which elements will be affected by the declarations. Selector types are:
  a. Type Selector: Select all of the elements of a specific HTML tag. For example h1 would select all h1 elements.
  
  b. Class Selector: Selects all the elements with a specific HTML class attribute. 
  Class selectors are prefixed with a ., so for example .foo would select all HTML elements with the attribute class="foo"
  
  c. ID selector: Selects an element with a specific HTML ID. ID selectors are prefixed with a #, so for example #bar would select HTML element with attribute id="bar".
  
  d. Attribute selector: Selects all the elements with a specific HTML attribute set to a specific value. These are surrounded by [] ans use a = as a delimiter between the attribute name and value.
  For example, [type="submit"] would select all the elements with a type attribute set to "submit".
  Excluding the value will select all elements with the attribute set to any value. For example, [type] would select all elements with the type attribute set, regardless of the value.

  Attribute Selectors can also use special syntax for basic pattern matching within the value.Some common ones are:
    1. [href*="algoexpert.io"] would select all elements with an href attribute with the text "algoexpert.io" at any location.
    2. [href$="algoexpert.io"] would select all elements with an href attribute with the text "algoexpert.io" at end of the value.
    3. [href^="https://algoexpert.io"] would select all elements with an href attribute with the text "https://algoexpert.io" at the beginning of the value.

  e. Combinator: combines multiple selectors to select elements based on their location in the DOM. Types of combinators are:
    1. Descendant combinator: represented by a single space, in the format selector1 selector2. Selects all elements that match selector2 and are a descendant of an element matching selector1. A descendant does not need to be a direct child.(eg. the selected element's grandparent could match selector1).
    2. Child combinator: Represented by >, in the format selector1 > selector2. Selects all elements that match selector2 and are a direct child of an element matching selector1.
    3. Sibling combinator: Represented by ~, in the format selector1 ~ selector2. Selects all elements that match selector2 and are a siling of an element matching selector1. The element matching selector2 must come after the element matching selector1.
    4. Adjacent sibling combinator: Represented by +, in the format selector1 + selector2. Selects all elements that match selector2 and have an element matching selector1 directly before them in the DOM. 

  
  
