Lengths are of these types:

1. px: pixels, are of absolute length, meaning they don't changes based on page.
2. em: Relative to font size, for example if the font size is 14px, then 1.5em would be 21px. If em unit is used to set font size, it will be relative to parent's font size.
3. rem: Relative to root element font size.
4. vw: 1% of viewport width, so 50 vw would be 50% of the width of the viewport.  
5. vh: 1% of viewport  height. so 50 vw would be 50% of the height of the viewport
6. ch: width of "0" character.
7. %: Precentage, usually relative to parent value.

Choosing the right unit:

1. For Width/Height:
   a. % is mostly chosen to be relative to parent.
   b. vw/vh to be relative for entire viewport, usually used to create a website with multiplescreens.
   c. ch for paragarphs widhts, since having 70 or more words can cause in readibility of the paragraph, so keeping the ch size to 40-50 is good.
   d. rem: closer to absolute values.
   e. px: as a last resort for true absolutes

2. Margin and Padding:
  a. rem: for closer to absolute values.
  b. em: to scale with font size.
  c. px: for small values.

3. Borders and Shadows:
   a. px: since we do not want these values to change.
   b. rem/em: okay here too, scaling doesn't always look good.

4. Font Size:
   a. rem: usually best, since they scale with user preferences.
   b. em: to scale to parent size (not suitable for larger projects since there could be large chains of parents and may cause issues).
   c. px: to be avoided as it preventing to scaling with user preferences.

5. Colors:
   a. 
7. 


